---
title: "Fleet Boss Battles Spotter"
date: 2022-09-19T00:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---
The [Fleet Boss Battles Spotter](/playertools?tool=fleetbossbattles) has entered the battle!<!-- end -->

Use DataCore's newest player tool to help activate combo chain bonuses in a fleet boss battle. With this tool, you can search for crew that satisfy the conditions of the remaining unsolved nodes, keep track of tried crew, and export a list of possible crew to share with your fleet.

First, select an active fleet boss battle (if you have more than one open in-game). Then click a table header to target an unsolved node. The best crew to try will be listed at the top. After you try a crew in-game, use the buttons in the "Trial" column of the table to mark that crew as the solution if they work, or to mark them as an unsuccessful attempt. The tool will use this information to update the remaining possible crew accordingly.

A few things to remember:

- The default settings will always include at least one working solution for every unsolved node.

- Optimal crew are the crew you should try first for efficient use of valor; they exclude crew whose matching traits are a subset of another possible crew for that node. You can change the availability filter and/or uncheck the "Only show optimal crew" setting to see more options to try if you don't have the suggested optimal crew on your roster.

- Only valid traits will be shown in the table. Traits that have been ruled out for a node, either from an unsuccessful trial or because they are otherwise unique to non-portal crew, will be hidden automatically.

- Trait colors are used to help visualize the rarity of each trait per node (column), e.g. a gold trait means its crew is the only possible crew with that trait in that node, a purple trait is a trait shared by 2 possible crew in that node, a blue trait is shared by 3 possible crew, etc. Trait rarity may be affected by your crew filters.