---
title: "Fleet Boss Battles Spotter updates"
date: 2023-06-10T12:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---
The [Fleet Boss Battles Spotter](/playertools?tool=fleetbossbattles) has a new default view, expanded export options, and various other improvements.<!-- end -->

The long-awaited update to the Fleet Boss Battles Spotter player tool is now live with the following enhancements:

#### Groups View
The new default view groups possible solutions by nodes and traits. In this view, you can tap a trait to mark it as a solution, or tap a crew to mark them as tried. Individual nodes can also be exported from this view. The original view can be accessed by clicking the Crew tab.

#### Expanded Export Options
The tool greatly expands the number of options for customizing the crew list export. These options will be remembered on all subsequent exports.

#### Better Rules Handling
Unique solutions are now automatically ruled out, in line with official fleet boss battle rules.

There is now an option to hide alpha rule exceptions, which rules out crew based on an unofficial rule that eliminates some traits by name.

There is now an option to prioritize crew with coverage, which hides some crew in groups view when others can be tried as possible solutions for more nodes.

Trait colors better reflect rarity, taking into account possible combo counts as well as possible crew. Trait numbers identify how many remaining nodes that trait is likely a solution for, based on an unofficial rule that duplicate traits in the pool are always a solution.

Let us know in the [DataCore Discord](https://discord.gg/2SY8W7Aeme) if you run into any issues or have any questions.