---
title: "DataCore Version 1.9"
date: 2023-09-26T08:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---
We've been working hard these past few months on the latest version of DataCore, adding several new features, updating a few tools, but mostly bringing the code up to spec, all in preparation for a bigger DataCore 2.0 update.<!-- end -->

Here is the changelog for what will be included in DataCore 1.9:

## What's New?

### New presenters
Introduces a new way of presenting crew, ship, and item details, which will be the standard presentation going forward. You can view it now by hovering over most crew avatars, among a few other places. You can also click the options in the upper right of this new view to cycle through the skills of that crew when boosted/unboosted or at different fuses.

### New gauntlets page
Get help finding the best crew to run on gauntlets for today's gauntlet, previous gauntlets, and active live gauntlets based on the user's own data. Browse crew by raw power, browse both owned and unowned crew (if player data is available), and show the potential FE ability of unequipped crew in your roster.

### Updated crew page template
A slight redesign to the classic crew page, which now better matches the new crew presentation.

### Updated main crew stats (index) page
Adds "In Portal" column to crew table.

### Updated equipment items pages
Both the player items and main items pages have been cleaned up, and sped up. The item details page has been finished, and cleaned up. Item hovers show farming sources, crew demands, recipes. More optimization will follow in subsequent releases.

### Updated behold page
A faster way to read about crew you might want, including a new table to directly compare numbers. The appearance now also matches the new crew presentation.

### Updated crew player tool
Adds filtering by ships, bonus amount, ability, ability amount, type, and uses. Add total cycle time column to the crew ship abilities table.

Adds "Release Date" column to crew table.

### Updated crew retrieval tool
Polestars now have a popup that gives information of the potential number of combinations, and restricts iterating through too many combinations to prevent the browser from seizing up. A new, far more lightweight algorithm is used, instead, to provide the user with a reasonable selection of combinations.

### Updated citation optimizer tool
Show crew by voyage groups, compare selected crew, filter by portal availability, compute by rarity, and general page formatting cleanup.

### Updated fleet boss battles tool
Adds initial support for the "one hand rule," an unofficial rule that limits solutions to traits with no more than a handful of matching crew. One hand exceptions are denoted by a hand icon.

Traits shared by 6+ in-portal crew now have a white background.

Adds legend to the solution picker to help explain trait colors.

Duplicate numbers are now emphasized more.

Adds option to show ship abilities of crew.

All possible solutions are shown now in groups view, regardless of your crew availability setting; you will see a message when you have no crew available for a specific solution. Note that exports will now ignore your availability filter setting.

Fixes identification of alpha exceptions on non-English locales.

### Updated unneeded items tool
Add number of each item owned, and item hovers

## Behind the scenes
Lots of core data files will be loaded up front, reducing the need to load and reload the same data sources on different pages.

First stage of integrating your player data into more pages. This will be more evident in later updates.

Full TypeScript modeling brings code up to standards, which should make it easier to weed out bugs, reuse code, and even onboard new developers.

Added ability to compress stored data, which should alleviate issues with some users' player data.

Thanks to everyone who helped test DataCore 1.9 and offered invaluable feedback for this version and the bigger updates to come! Let us know in the [DataCore Discord](https://discord.gg/2SY8W7Aeme) if you run into any issues or have any questions.