---
title: "DataCore Version 2.0"
date: 2024-02-23T04:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---

We are pleased to announce the release of v2.0!

We have been working hard these past few months to continue refactoring the datacore project. 

Here is the changelog for what will be included in DataCore 2.0:

## What's New?

### New page layout
The website has been completely reformatted and the menu has been given a complete rewrite.

Player-dependent and non-player-dependent crew, items, and ship pages have been merged together into the **Roster** sub-menu.

### Crew Page

- Crew page has been reorganized to work with or without player data.
- Separate panels let you browse owned crew or all crew.
- Different modes let you browse different sets of crew skill data.
- **In Portal** and **Q-Bits** added as columns to the owned crew panel.
- **Crew Utility** is now a selectable view mode.

- View Modes:
    - Base Skills
    - Ship Abilities
    - Gauntlet Ranks
    - Voyage Ranks
    - Quipment Ranks
    - Crew Utility

### Support for Continuum Missions and Quipment

Quipment has been integrated throughout Datacore:

- The **Items** page has a dedicated quipment panel.
- Compatible quipment are listed on crew pages.
- The **Continuum Mission Helper** can be used to find crew to solve continuum missions and suggest quipment.
- Crew hovers can be configured to display stats for quipped crew.
- The **Gauntlet** page supports quipped crew levels.
- Crew quipment ranks in the **Crew Page**.

### Voyage Tracking

Keep track of past voyages, and see your most frequent voyagers and other stats.

### Collection Planner

The collections page and the collection tool have been merged and several new tools have been added.

- Overview: Sortable, colorful summary of all collections.
- Progress: See your progress and your next tier rewards.
- Crew: Show crew with grade, star grade, and immortal rewards.
    - Grade and star-grade are a way of summarizing a crew's potential using a score based on the completeness of the collections that a crew contributes to. Star grade takes into account the number of fuses needed to finish a crew.
- Collections: Visualize crew grouped into collections, and sorted by cost.
- Optimizer: See which crew can complete the most collections, at once.

### Beta Tachyon Pulse - Experimental Citation Optimizer




Thanks to everyone who helped test DataCore 2.0 and offered invaluable feedback for this version and the bigger updates to come! Let us know in the [DataCore Discord](https://discord.gg/2SY8W7Aeme) if you run into any issues or have any questions.