---
title: "DataCore Version 2.0"
date: 2024-03-13T02:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---

We are pleased to announce the release of v2.0!

We have been working hard these past few months to continue refactoring the datacore project. 

Here is the changelog for what will be included in DataCore 2.0:

## What's New?

### New page layout
The website has been completely reformatted and the menu has been given a complete rewrite.

Player-dependent and non-player-dependent crew, items, and ship pages have been merged together into the **Roster** sub-menu.

### Navigation

The system has been reflowed with a new main menu bar with like tooling grouped together.

- The left-most icon (the DataCore insignia) will navigate to the crew page in desktop mode, or open the flyout on a mobile device.
- The player avatar will open the player data input panel.
- The captain's name is a dropdown menu with player and profile-specific information and actions.
- The next **5 icons (4 on mobile)** are configurable, under the **Captain's Name** menu, select **Menu Settings** to open a popup to choose which icons are on the top, from available tools. (Note: If the maximum number of icons is selected, you must unselect one to select a different one.)
- The **Roster** menu contains the pages for **Crew**, **Ships**, **Items**, and **Unneeded Items** in a unified experience that will work with or without player data.
- The **Tools** menu contains all of the tooling that has been built to work with different features of STT, listed in order of introduction to the game. (Most of these tools require player data to function.)
- The **Game Info** menu contains miscellaneous stats, the newly redesigned **Voyage Hall of Fame** and the **Bridge Crew Designer**.
- The **About** page contains information about DataCore, how to contribute, how to wire the bot, etc.
- Worfle
- The **Bug** switches between Prod and Beta

### Crew Page

- Crew page has been reorganized to work with or without player data.
- Separate panels let you browse owned crew or all crew.
- Different modes let you browse different sets of crew skill data.
- **In Portal** and **Q-Bits** added as columns to the owned crew panel.
- **Crew Utility** is now a selectable view mode.

- View Modes:
    - Base Skills
    - Ship Abilities
    - Gauntlet Ranks
    - Voyage Ranks
    - Quipment Ranks
    - Crew Utility

### Support for Continuum Missions and Quipment

Quipment has been integrated throughout Datacore:

- The **Items** page has a dedicated quipment browser panel.
- Compatible quipment are listed on crew pages.
- The **Continuum Mission Helper** can be used to find crew to solve continuum missions and suggest quipment.
- Crew hovers can be configured to display stats for quipped crew.
- The **Gauntlet** page supports quipped crew levels.
- Crew quipment ranks in the **Crew Page**.
- **Voyages** show quipped crew with bonuses.

### Event Page Changes

- Shared crew is now available during shuttle events.
- The skill pair matrix can be made a half-matrix.

### Voyage Tracking

Keep track of past voyages, and see your most frequent voyagers and other stats.

### Collection Planner

The collections page and the collection tool have been merged and several new tools have been added.

- Overview: Sortable, colorful summary of all collections.
- Progress: See your progress and your next tier rewards.
- Crew: Show crew with grade, star grade, and immortal rewards.
    - Grade and star-grade are a way of summarizing a crew's potential using a score based on the completeness of the collections that a crew contributes to. Star grade takes into account the number of fuses needed to finish a crew.
- Collections: Visualize crew grouped into collections, and sorted by cost.
- Optimizer: See which crew can complete mulitple collections simultaneously.

### Beta Tachyon Pulse - Experimental Citation Optimizer

- Advanced configuration for you to tweak the results to your playing style.
- More factors are taken into consideration, including portal availability and quipment grades.



Thanks to everyone who helped test DataCore 2.0 and offered invaluable feedback for this version and the bigger updates to come! Let us know in the [DataCore Discord](https://discord.gg/2SY8W7Aeme) if you run into any issues or have any questions.