---
title: "DataCore Version 2.1"
date: 2024-05-07T02:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---

DataCore v2.1 is out! See everything that's new in the latest update.<!-- end -->

## What's New?

### Migrate to Node 18

- Migrated all Datacore projects to Node 18
- Upgraded to React 18 / Gatsby 5
- Removed several unused and deprecated graphql queries
- Update worker pattern to utilize native works in Webpack 5

### Crew Retrieval updates

The crew retrieval tool has been redesigned to better help users identify potentially useful polestars for retrieving crew, in addition to the classic way of showing which crew can be retrieved with currently owned polestars. Use the new dropdown to switch between the new features ("Show all uniquely retrievable crew") and classic crew retrieval ("Only show crew I can retrieve").

The View Options button in the final column now opens in a modal, which allows for additional features, such as a toggle for hiding combos with unowned polestars and suggestions for acquiring needed polestars from owned constellations.

Polestars use color-coding to help visualize certain situations:
* Yellow = needed polestars
* Orange = filtered polestars
* Blue = added prospective polestars

Users can now add crew to a retrieval wishlist (by tapping the heart icon on a crew's combos modal), for help in planning. The owned dropdown includes a filter for showing crew in your wishlist.

Adds gauntlet ranks and quipment grades to the main table.

Collection counts now ignore maxed-out collections. Tapping any collection cell now expands to a more readable table, detailing collection progress for that crew.

### Shuttle Helper updates

The shuttle helper tool has received a number of quality of life updates, including the ability to work with daily shuttles, not just event shuttles. You can access the shutle helper directly now from the tools menu.

Running missions and assignments are now imported with player data and can be used as baseline recommendations. A status column has been added to the missions table, which identifies non-open, open (with expiration times), running, and manually-created missions.

The event projection now has options to project multiple scoring scenarios by scheduling shuttles of various durations and regularity. The projection also shows the number of rental tokens and time boosts, when needed.

### Fleet Boss Battles updates

The Fleet Boss Battles tool has a new option that enables confirmation of solved traits before clearing the node from the UI. This option allows spotters to continue processing nodes when the solution can be deduced manually, while waiting for a fleetmate to actually clear the node in-game. In groups view and the export, the list of crew who can clear that node will continue to be listed until the node is confirmed. The spotter can confirm the solved traits by clicking on the traits or any crew.

Solving nodes by marking crew and solving traits via the traits view behave as usual, bypassing the need for confirmation.

Spot solves are now marked with a green checkmark circle. "Infallible" solves (i.e. solves authenticated by player data) are now marked with a white checkmark.

### Unneeded Items updates

The unneeded items tool now consolidates equipment suggestions to a single section, with new options to filter items by efficiency (i.e. low number owned), single-use equipment (i.e. equipment that's only used by a single crew in the game), and unowned crew. Check all to list the safest equipment to discard.

The equipment calculation has also been revised to account for potential usefulness of equipment on unowned crew.

### Main Crew Roster

The main crew roster has a new top-level view: **Buy-Back Well**. This will show users crew that were recently dismissed. Users can compare to their roster, and use most of the filtering options available on the other main views. Users can also filter their player roster crew to see if they have any fuses in the buy-back well.

The **Show max quipment** view on the main crew roster screen has been cleaned up, and several options have been added, including viewing by balanced skill pairs (and triplets), and viewing by core, proficiency, or both.

The **Filter by portal status** drop-down has been expanded, and now includes these new options:

* Uniquely Retrievable
* Not Uniquely Retrievable
* Never In Portal

The **Crew maintenance** drop-down has been expanded, and now includes these new options:

* Only show crew with unclaimed quipment slots
  - This one shows crew that have unlocked slots, but not all 4 unlocked slots.
* Show crew with fuses in buy-back well
  - This accompanies the new buy-back well view.

The **Game Roster** view now has an additional option drop-down for displaying buffed or unbuffed stats in the roster table.

### Collection Planner

* The calculation engine for the collection planner has been optimized and partially rewritten
* Addressed several major bugs and issues related to sorting, filtering, and rendering
* Add new **Show incomplete combos** checkbox in the optimizer pane
* Add helpful information about Grade and Star Grade

### Voyage Calculator

Additional options have been added for excluding event crew by skill matrix and phase.

#### Voyage Themes

The voyage theme modal now groups like themes together, with filtering.

Additionally, the following themes have been added or updated:

**To-Do List / To-Do List (Legendaries)**
*(All or legendary) Crew who are not fully fused*

**Mere Mortals / Mere Mortals (Legendaries)**
*(All or legendary) Crew who are not immortalized*

**Hunker Down**
*Exclude crew that have run at least one continuum mission, but have fewer than four quipment slots unlocked*

**Luminous and Noble**
*Crew with the following traits: Caregiver, Counselor, Cultural Figure, Hero, Innovator, Inspiring, Nurse, Physician, Prodigy*

**Dark and Edgy**
*Crew with the following traits: Brutal, Crafty, Criminal, Maverick, Saboteur, Scoundrel, Smuggler, Thief, Villain*

### Other Pages

The **Voyage Hall of Fame** now features new graphs for seating frequency and voyaging frequency in crew details. Various bugs have been addressed, as well.

The **Gauntlet** page now shows rich backgrounds for immortalized/fully-quipped crew in the crew pair tables.

The columns of the factions in the **Faction Tool** are now sortable.

###

Thanks to everyone who helped test DataCore 2.1 and offered invaluable feedback for this version and the bigger updates to come! Let us know in the [DataCore Discord](https://discord.gg/2SY8W7Aeme) if you run into any issues or have any questions.

Special thanks to [Kelly Stuard](https://github.com/kellystuard) for adding functionality for sorting to the faction tool, and for cleaning up the README.md and the SVGs that go with that.