---
title: "DataCore Version 3.1"
date: 2025-05-26T00:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---

DataCore v3.1 maintenance release is out! See everything that's new in the latest update.<!-- end -->

# What's New?

In addition to various bug fixes and user experience improvements we continue to try to make, the following new features
and capabilities have been added to DataCore:

## General

- Pre-release crew are now available in DataCore.

- Support for client API 27 and quipment slots for frozen crew.

## DataScore

- Score rebalancing (already live).

- See current score weightings.

## FTM Hall of Fame

- Introducing the FTM hall of fame, where you can group data by crew or player and export it to HTML table format.

## Objective Events

- Add support for objective events with mini-helpers.

## Main Crew Roster

- Introduce "alternative layout" by collapsing all skill columns into a single one.

- More cleanup of the offers page.

## Individual Crew Pages

- Narrow formatting has been replaced in favor of full-width formatting.

- DataScore ranks have been added to the ranks accordion.

## Crew Stats Blurb

- The stats blurb on the individual crew pages and the crew hover now display all DataScore ranks for top 50.

## Items View

- New crew selector.

- Introduce farm table view.

- Rewrite items view components.

- Rewrite quipment browser.

- Filter by item sources.

- More accurate computation of crew demands.

## Citation Optimizer

- Integration with DataScore.

- Better computation of potential voyages improved.

## Collection Manager

- Hovering over a collection in Crew mode show shows its next tier rewards in a popup.

- Partial rewrite of computation engine for potential collection combos.

- Hard filtering now includes collections if any current or future tier matches the reward filter.

## Ships

- Import PVP Division Opponents

- Filter by owned status

- New full ship stats available for all ships

- Preview ships

- Several important bug fixes

## Gauntlet

- View prospective max quipment for 2-skills, 3-skills, or best overall quipment.

## Events

- Specialist event support.

- Component harvesting improvements for galaxy events.

## Shuttles

- Crew excluder in shuttles.

## Crew Retrieval

- Fix bugs with combo generation algorithm.

- List polestars within constellations on the Celestial Market page.

- Quipment column now reflects the DataScore-calculated crew quipment score.

## Voyages

- Voyage encounter helper

- Export voyage data (available in table views)

- Remote tracking

- Track crew awarded as loot on tracked voyages

# Deep-Dive Game Stats

- Previously called "Stats Trends"

- In the main menu, under "Game Info"

- Lots of interesting statistics (with many graphs) about crew, items, collections, events, etc.