---
title: "DataCore Version 3.2"
date: 2025-10-27T00:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---

Announcing the release of DataCore v3.2!<!-- end -->

# What's New?

In addition to various bug fixes and user experience improvements we continue to try to make, the following new features and capabilities have been added to DataCore:

## General

- Improved performance in crew load time.

- Now detects data staleness (and load fresh copies, if necessary) on page refresh.

- Moved the last of the runtime item post-processing into Autosync.

- Bug fixes for mobile platform data loading.

- See the last game sync time in Deep-Dive Game Stats.

- Automatically refresh dense data from remote when sync time does not match cached sync time.

## Main Page

- Filter by skill-order ownership.

    - Helps you to identify potential gaps in your roster.

- New trait filters:

    - Main Cast
    - Not Main Cast

- New Special Views drop-down:

    - View all as immortal: View all crew in your roster as if they are immortalized.

- Rankings and Scoring:

    - Rank columns now appear in their order of greatest to least weight from left to right.

    - Current weightings modal now includes Voyage+, Base+, and Gauntlet+ inner breakdowns.

## Fleet Page

- The fleet page can now ingest data from more than one fleet.
    - Useful for admirals with multi-fleet families.
    - Note: You must have already loaded player data from each fleet at least once, prior to using mutli-fleet features.

## Event Planner

- Crew ship abilities are now displayed in lieu of skill powers for skirmish event phases.

- Cleaner, left-justified formatting of event information.

    - Recurring Mega card is now displayed, if applicable.

- Gauntlet rank is now displayed for voyage events.

## Voyage Calculator

- The crew excluder now shows current quipment on crew in the browsing pane.
    - Added quipped and not-quipped filters.

- Crew Quipment Excluder now has an editor modal.
    - Exclude the best single skill.
    - Exclude crew with the longest remaining average time.

- Crew Notes Excluder now has an editor modal, as well.

- Introducing the Dilemma Helper

    DataCore now has the ability to ingest your voyage log and find your dilemmas. You
    can also use the dilemma helper to test the selection of a dilemma you are sitting at,
    or you can simply browse through the dilemmas.

    Multipart dilemmas have special visual cues to indicate their eligibility during the current voyage.

    Max voyage time is calculated based on which dilemmas have been answered.

- The Encounter Helper can now simulate contests with skill boosts. Tap a contest's odds of winning to target boosts for that contest.

- Various bug fixes

## DataScore

- Score rebalancing (already live).

- See current score weightings.

- Composite score weighting breakdowns in weightings information modal.

- "Versatility" score: This number is derived from the difference between the crew's calculated effective index and its actual index. This has the effect of allowing exceptional crew that are in a crowded space to be surfaced. (Likewise, more mediocre crew can be suppressed.)

- Elevated Crit scoring has been rebalanced.

- Full elevated crit information is now available from the 'Elevated Crit' column in the scoring view of the main page.

## Crew Pages

- Original event is now displayed if the crew was published via an event.

- Additional event appearances are displayed in an accordion.

- Clicking any event will bring up the event details modal.

## Events page

- Events text search.

- Event type and run date now indicated on the list page.

- "Rerun" events are now indicated.

- Event run date and content types are now displayed on event cards without having to open the modal.

- Improvements to the events modal.

    - Back and forth browsing buttons.

    - Indicator if an event is a re-run.

- Bug fixes and performance improvements.

## Items View
- Improved performance and accuracy of the farm table.
- New distributed worker strategy for calculating crew demands.
- Individual items info screens now show DataScore and Quipment scores on eligible crew tables.
- Quipment sources and demands now displayed for Q-Bits on individual item details pages.
- Clean up formatting for filters and make some filters easier to use.
- Exact release dates for all items are now recorded, going forward.

    ### Quipment/Continuum
    - 'Q-Bits' view mode with this week's continuum mission sources.
    - Continuum Quipment release date and eligible crew columns.

## Citation Optimizer

- Introducing custom profiles for Beta Tachyon Pulse

    - Save and load profiles.
    - Add and remove custom profiles.
    - New "No Portal Bias" built-it profile added.

- Clear filters button.

- Bug fixes.

## Faction view

- Long-overdue UI/UX cleanup.

- Add "number of shuttle per day" optional input box to better estimate the real-world time commitment for
  achieving honored status or tanking factions.

## Crew Retrieval

- Filter by crew who are currently uniquely retrievable but will be rendered not uniquely retrievable by a forthcoming portal update.

- Celestial market and price data can now be displayed, even without player data.

- New sort by cost option in the polestar combo modal.

## Collection Planner

- DataScore is now shown on the crew tab.

- Crew for Grade/Star Grade calculation now honor filter settings.

- New compact view mode for the collections research and collection combo views.

- Various bug fixes.

## Ships

- Split the view into "Owned Ships" and "All Ships"

    - The "All Ships" view displays the maxed stats of owned ships (with owned stats in subtext).

- Option to filter by minimum number of battle stations.

- Option to display ships with maxed bridge buffs, player bridge buffs, or no bridge buffs.

## Deep-Dive Game Stats

- New Trait Distributions graphs.

## Worfle

- Implements a new hints system, which allows for more powerful filtering within Worfle itself, but every hint you use is reported as part of your final score, alongside your number of guesses.

- The previous hint system is now known as handicaps, which can be permanently activated from the crew picker options. Handicaps can be individually selected, including a option to display skill order.

- With the updated crew picker, you no longer need to confirm a guess. Just a single tap will make the guess.

- You can now remember your favorite guesses.

- Refines use of series and variant traits, particularly eliminating crew with misleading series traits from the list of possible solutions. Crew who are not possible solutions are now explicitly listed on the "How to Play" tab.

## Bugs
Please report bugs in the [STT DataCore Discord](https://discord.gg/n37vWwBUpN).