---
title: "DataCore Version 3.2"
date: 2025-10-02T00:00:00Z
class: "warning"
icon: "info"
---

DataCore v3.2 is scheduled to be release some time in October, 2025. Please report bugs in the [STT DataCore Discord](https://discord.gg/n37vWwBUpN).<!-- end -->

# What's New?

In addition to various bug fixes and user experience improvements we continue to try to make, the following new features and capabilities have been added to DataCore:

## General

- Improved performance in crew load time.

## Main Page

- Filter by skill-order ownership.

    - Helps you to identify potential gaps in your roster.

- New trait filters:

    - Main Cast
    - Not Main Cast

- New Special Views drop-down:

    - View all as immortal: View all crew in your roster as if they are immortalized.

- Rankings and Scoring:

    - Rank columns now appear in their order of greatest to least weight from left to right.

    - Current weightings modal now includes Voyage+, Base+, and Gauntlet+ inner breakdowns.

## Fleet Page

- The fleet page can now ingest data from more than one fleet.
    - Useful for admirals with multi-fleet families.
    - Note: You must have already loaded player data from each fleet at least once, prior to using mutli-fleet features.

## Event Planner

- Crew ship abilities are now displayed in lieu of skill powers for skirmish event phases.

- Cleaner, left-justified formatting of event information.

    - Recurring Mega card is now displayed, if applicable.

## Voyage Calculator

- The crew excluder now shows current quipment on crew in the browsing pane.

    - Added quipped and not-quipped filters.

- Introducing the Dilemma Helper

    DataCore now has the ability to ingest your voyage log and find your dilemmas. You
    can also use the dilemma helper to test the selection of a dilemma you are sitting at,
    or you can simply browse through the dilemmas.

    Multipart dilemmas have special visual cues to indicate their eligibility during the current voyage.

    Max voyage time is calculated based on which dilemmas have been answered.

## DataScore

- Score rebalancing (already live).

- See current score weightings.

## Crew Pages

- Original event is now displayed if the crew was published via an event.

- Additional event appearances are displayed in an accordion.

- Clicking any event will bring up the event details modal.

## Events page

- Improvements to the events modal.

    - Back and forth browsing buttons.

    - Indicator if an event is a re-run.

## Items View

- Improved performance and accuracy of the farm table.

- New distributed worker strategy for calculating crew demands.

- Individual items info screens now show DataScore and Quipment scores on eligible crew tables.

## Citation Optimizer

- Introducing custom profiles for Beta Tachyon Pulse

    - Save and load profiles.
    - Add and remove custom profiles.
    - New "No Portal Bias" built-it profile added.

- Clear filters button.

- Bug fixes.

## Faction view

- Long-overdue UI/UX cleanup.

- Add "number of shuttle per day" optional input box to better estimate the real-world time commitment for
  achieving honored status or tanking factions.

## Crew Retrieval

- Celestial market and price data can now be displayed, even without player data.

- New sort by cost option in the polestar combo modal.

## Collection Planner

- DataScore is now shown on the crew tab.

- Various bug fixes.

## Ships

- Split the view into "Owned Ships" and "All Ships"

    - The "All Ships" view displays the maxed stats of owned ships (with owned stats in subtext).

- Option to filter by minimum number of battle stations.

- Option to display ships with maxed bridge buffs, player bridge buffs, or no bridge buffs.
