---
title: "DataCore Version 2.3"
date: 2025-02-02T00:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---

DataCore v2.3 is out! See everything that's new in the latest update.<!-- end -->

## What's New?

### Introducing DataScore

With the demise of Big Book, DataCore has developed its own scoring method called DataScore.

The bot is also being updated to work with DataScore.

A new "Rankings and Scores" crew view mode option is now available from the main crew page.

What's considered in DataScore:

    - Voyage Score
    - Skill-Order Rarity
    - Gauntlet Score
    - Shuttle/Base Score
    - Quipment Score
    - Antimatter Seating Score
    - Skill Position Score
    - Stat-Boosting Collection Score
    - Tertiary Skill Rarity Score
    - FBB Node-Cracking Trait Score
    - Elevated Crit Gauntlet
    - Skill-Order Velocity Score
    - Main Cast Score
    - Potential Collection Score
    - Ship Ability Score
    - Variant Score

### Voyage Calculator Updates

#### New Voyage Home

The new voyage home view has 3 sections:

1) Current Voyages: a list of all viable voyages imported from player data, with the main voyage properties and statuses all visible at-a-glance.

2) Custom Voyage: you can create a custom voyage with manually-input skills and traits. This is also where you can now re-calculate a voyage that's already running (via a "presets" menu) or calculate crew from the entire game roster.

3) Voyage History: for tracking past voyages and most used crew.

#### New Voyage Lineup Editor

The voyage calculator has added the ability to edit a recommended lineup. Tap the pencil icon from the recommendation to launch the lineup editor, where you can seek alternate crew and see how they affect the lineup in various seats. Save as a new recommendation to see the lineup alongside other recommendations.

#### Improved Support for Encounter Voyages

Using the Multi-vector assault calculator, you can now get recommendations targeting a voyage lineup with your preferred balance of voyage runtime, event VP, and crew proficiency.

(PENDING TESTING) Adds an encounter helper. More details forthcoming.

### Prospective Quipment

New feature added to Voyage Calculator, Shuttle Helper, and Event Planner allows you to use these tools to view crew boosted by prospective quipment.

### Crew Retrieval

Mutual Polestars Finder:

    - Specify combos of 1-4 polestars.
    - Find polestars that can retrieve more than one crew in your roster.
    - Include 0-3 unowned crew in the allowable pool.
    - Save on ISM and credits if you do not need a targeted pull.

Celestial Market Integration:

    - Real-time cost of polestars and constellations
    - Current market values and availability
    - High/Low price data
    - Polestars or constellations that have sold in the last 24 hours

General:

    - Now calculates and displays the cost in ISM and credits to craft a crew.
    - Dynamically add in-game favorites to the favorites list.

### Ships and Ship Rankings

DataScore also now ranks ships, as well as crew ship ability.  Crew ship abilities are bifurcated into two "advantages": Offense, and Defense. Both are scored separately.

Both ships and crew are additionally broken down by Overall, Arena, and Fleet Boss Battles.

DataCore now pulls max ship stats from the [STT Wiki](https://sttwiki.org/wiki/Main_Page).

### Ship Crew Calculator

The ship crew calculator has been improved upon and the capabilities have been expanded to include support for opponent configurations in Arena battles.

### Gauntlet Page

A new "top tier" quick picks view is now available for each gauntlet.

The currently active guantlet in game is now pulled in real-time, bypassing the need to wait for autosync to update the current gauntlet.

Add two new buff modes: Max Quipment 2 and 3 skills. For unowned crew, max prospective quipment is always applied. For owned crew, prospective quipment is only applied to immortals.

On the "Browse Gauntlets" page, clicking the elevated crit column in the table view will automatically expand to show all elevated crit gauntlets for a particular crew, including the number of times that gauntlet has shown up, in game.

Various stability and performance enhancements.

### Collections Page

The collections overview page has been completely reformatted.

Collection details are now displayed in a popup modal view, giving a detailed overview of collections including crew sorted by DataScore, and all tier rewards.

Stability and performance enhancements.

### Main Crew Page

The Offers view has been completely reformatted. Fiat currency prices are also now displayed (in green.)

New popup warnings indicate when you may have airlocked crew that could be useful to you. This feature is customizable under the user menu -> Alerts.

### Individual Crew Pages

Cross-fuse sources are now resolved for exclusive fusion crew.

Re-introduce the FTM field.

### Stats Trends

Main Menu -> Game Info -> Stats Trends provides miscellaneous charts and statistical trends for crew, traits, items, potential collections, and more!

### Fleet Page

The fleet page has been brought back to life! Find it under your player menu.

    - See your fleet's rankings and data, at-a-glance
    - Export crew data to CSV or copy to clipboard
    - Active hyperlinks to player profile pages with last updated timestamp

### Event Info Page

Adds a new tab to view event statistics about competition and popularity.

### Updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

Please review DataCore's updated [Terms of Service](/tos/) and [Privacy Policy](/privacy/).
