---
title: "3.3.1 Maintenance Release"
date: 2026-04-14T16:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---

Bug fixes and maintenance release 3.3.1...<!-- end -->

# Calculators and Workers

Improved performance for all workers in the game.

# Duplicated Crew (Site-Wide)

Dealt with a number of issues where users reported crew that were either duplicated or unowned
appearing in their roster.

# Gauntlet

- Gauntlet now synchronizes to the current gauntlet, correctly.

- Quipment for single skill now supported.

- Immortalized is now differentiated from Fully-Equipped crew.

# Voyages

- Cosmetic fixes to large voyage view layout for voyage events crew with multiple bonuses.

- Extend Chewable simulations to accommodate longer voyages.

- Bug fixes to the Dilemma Helper.

# Ships

- Add new feature to ignore triggers.

- Fixes to the calculator UI.

# Items

- Full ship information is now displayed with Ship Schematics details.

# Deep-Dive Stats

- Show owned counts for trait crew stats.

# Collections

- Improvements to the collection info modal.

- Bug fixes for collection info modals not integrating player data properly.

# Crew Details Page

- Gray out quipment buffs that do not apply to the current crew member.

# Offer Pane and New Store Format

With the release of client v12.1.1, Star Trek: Timelines debuted a new store layout. This was a structural change in the
way the store is organized, internally, and not simply a cosmetic update.

For this reason, the "Current Offers" tab on the main site (datacore.app) no longer reflects all of the available offers
in the game.

The beta site introduces support for the new format. If you consult the Offers tab regularly, use [Betacore](https://beta.datacore.app) until the next release.

- Add New Filter by Offer drop-down in the offers pane.

# Profile Sharing and Crew Discovery

- For players who elect to post their profile to DataCore, the backend will now track when a crew was
first discovered in a player's roster.

# Event Planner

- Crew bonuses for voyage events now include antimatter bonuses for voyage exclusives.

# FBB Helper

- UI updates based on player feedback.

- Auto-copy solves to clipboard.



## Bugs

Feel free to drop in to the [STT DataCore Discord](https://discord.gg/n37vWwBUpN).




