---
title: "DataCore v3.3"
date: 2026-03-28T16:00:00Z
class: "info"
icon: "info"
---

DataCore v3.3 coming soon.<!-- end -->

*DataCore v3.3 will be released to production shortly after the Seasonal Shop goes live in game. New pages related to this feature need to be confirmed operational, before we push.*

# Main Page

 - Introducing the Cheapest FFFE special view. This is adapted from the bot feature of the same name.

 - Break out FBB ship scores for Doomsday and Borg Cube bosses.

# Introducing Resource Tracking

There is a new selection under the player menu, "Resource Tracking."

This enables you to record your currency totals, and compare day-over-day.

This is an opt-in feature and must be enabled before it starts recording your information. The information is only saved locally to your web browser. Saving back to the server is not available, although it may become available eventually. There are features to let you export and import JSON and also export CSV spreadsheets.

Remote tracking capability.

Several graphs and charts are available for visualization.

To navigate to resource tracking, open the player menu and select 'Resource Tracker'.

# Seasonal Shop

Initial support for the seasonal shop, and conquest ticket tracking.

Additional tooling may come in a subsequent release.

# Ship and Battle Improvements

    - Break out FBB ship scores for Doomsday and Borg Cube bosses.

    - New Show All Ships page
        - Show owned stats and maxed stats.

    - Meta-enhanced ship crew staffing greatly increases calculation efficiency.

    - Full support for the Borg Cube Boss.

    - Support using active buffs in battles.

    - New crew prospects for ship seating.

    - Bug fixes and other enhancements.

# Items View

    - The Quipment browser now includes a Q-Bit mode that lets you see which missions are offering which quipment components this week.

    - Item demands calculation has been moved to backend parallel processing.

    - Individual ship schematics item pages now also display full ship stats.

# Citation Optimizer

    - BTP:
        - Improved integration with DataScore.
        - Improved voyage improvement score.
        - Better weighting of skills against current crew.

# Event Information

    - New universal event modal lets you scroll through events.

    - Factions are now listed for faction events.

    - Gauntlet scores now appear for voyage events.

    - Featured ships and mega recurring crew.

# Gauntlet

    - Bug fixes and calculation improvements.

    - Show immortal or fully-equipped.

    - Show single-skill prospective quipment.

# Deep-Dive Game Stats

    - More Event Stats (w/ new universal event modal).

    - Various stability and performance enhancements.

    - Trait list with owned crew counts.

# Voyage

    - Antimatter bonuses are now shown for voyage exclusive crew. Note that only the Multi-vector assault calculator will consider antimatter bonuses when making lineup recommendations.

    - Crew excluder enhancements.
        - Granular quipped crew exclusion modal.
        - Voyage Exclusive crew exclusion button.

    - Multi-vector assault is now the default calculator.

# Crew Retrieval

    - Added new options for managing your wishlist. Note that when importing a wishlist, the imported list of crew will be merged with any crew on your current wishlist; to use an imported wishlist exclusively, delete your current wishlist before importing.

# Fleet Boss Battles

    - Duplicate traits are now labeled "0 or N" when it's unclear if the duplicate traits are required, matching the revised behavior of duplicate traits.

    - Crew with coverage are now labeled with the number of nodes they might be a solution for.

## Bugs
We are aware of a few bugs, but feel free to drop in to the [STT DataCore Discord](https://discord.gg/n37vWwBUpN).




